All right guys so we finish the about page now we're going to move on to the work which is gonna be
a set of images that will have a transition overlay.
So we're gonna be using transition transform some other stuff as well.
So let's jump in to V.S. code and what we're gonna do is copy everything from the about Dot HD him out
and I'm gonna create a new file in the disk folder called Work dot each team L and then we'll go ahead
and paste that in and let's change the title we'll just say my work and then we want to move the class
of current from about to work OK.
And then let's delete everything except for the footer.
So all the sections you can get rid of all these and we'll just keep the footer.
OK.
Now if I save this and we go back and we click on work it should just look like this.
All right.
So the work page is it's basically just going to have one section which is gonna be the gallery.
We could call it.
So let's just say section A
and let's say we'll just.
Yeah we'll say gallery here OK.
And we're just going to add a section.
Let's give it an I.D. of work.
Dash a.
And actually I want to give it a class of text center and let's do P Y dash three.
Okay.
I'm gonna put it in the container.
We're going to add our H two with a class section title and let's just say my work.
And then underneath that we'll put a class of bottom dash line and underneath that will put a paragraph
with the class of lead.
And let's just say check out some of my projects.
So we'll do that.
And then underneath that we're gonna have a grid case.
We're gonna have a class of items and then each item will be a div.
And I'm gonna give it a class of item.
Okay.
And then inside there we'll have a class of item dash image.
And let's put in our first image which is gonna be it's gonna have a source of image slash items slash
item one dot P energy.
OK so that's a first image that we want to go outside of the item image and create another did with
the class of item dash text.
OK.
And inside here we're gonna have another div of the class of item dash text dash wrap.
And we're gonna have a category and a title so the first is gonna be a paragraph with the class of item
dash text dash category.
And let's say design.
And then under that we're gonna have an age to which which will have the title we're gonna say item
dash text dash title and we'll say great gradients.
OK.
So these are just sample projects and they're just stock images.
So what I'll do now is just copy the whole div with the class of item because we're gonna have quite
a few of these nine to be exact.
So let's do two three four five six seven eight nine and then we just want to change some of the info
for some of the.
So that's the first one the second one we're going to change the image to item two.
I'm going to change the category two UI dash you ex and the title is going to be world experience and
some of these titles might be a little weird.
It's just kind of the first thing that came to mind when I saw the image.
So this will be image 3 and the is going to be photography and photography and design and then the title
for this is gonna be vanishing.
So this one here.
So we have 2 3.
This will be item four.
And let's see item four is gonna be category of design.
And let's do gap.
Say Gap Inc.
And then let's see this is gonna be five.
So five is gonna be the category of mobile.
Let's say mobile UI design and we'll see a face.
The experience
OK so we have here we'll be Image 6 and category is gonna be design concept and can be busy curves
get seven item seven is going to be photography
and the title is gonna be Doc ponder
OK so we get two more.
This would be eight image eight and this is gonna be web applications
and it's going to be called.
It's just a restaurant app.
So let's say rest rant app and then this final one here is gonna be Image 9 or item 9 and it's going
to be let's say social network concept and we'll call this FriendFeed.
OK.
So if we take a look now it's going to look like this.
Just two very large images small tax.
So obviously we need to add some styling here.
Now there's a lot of styling that goes into this.
So what I want to do is just create its own sass file so I'll do that if I have a page or a part of
an application that has just a ton of styling I'll put it in its own SAS file because in the end it
all.
It's all gonna just be compiled into our main CSX.
So if you wanted to you could have another CSX file get compiled just leave off the underscore but I'm
just gonna create a new SAS file in these SPSS folder called underscore and I'm going to call it item
underscore grid dots SPSS.
Now when you create a new a new partial you might want to restart your server with control C and then
NPM runs SAS.
If you don't see any changes that you make in your SAS files always try that because sometimes node
SAS can just muck up a little bit and not you won't show you changes into your restart.
So let's grab the items and we want to display is a grid case so all the items we want a three column
grid.
So we'll do grid dash template dash columns and let's do a repeat and we'll repeat three times one at
far.
All right.
And then I'm just going to add a light box shadow here and we'll do 0 5 pixel or 10 pixel and then zero
and then for the color I'm just going to do RGA which is red green blue Alpha.
And let's just do a dark.
So zero for RGA and then zero point three for the Alpha.
Okay and if I save that and we take a look you'll see that now our images in all our items are in a
grid.
Now we're going to see I'm trying to think of how I should do this.
Let's do the item.
The core item styles first along with the hover effects and then we'll we'll move this stuff off the
screen because ideally we don't want this to show at first until we hover over and then we want to have
it basically come in with the overlay.
So let's do that.
I will.
We'll take the item and everything else we do is gonna go in here because everything is prefixed with
item.
We have like item dash image item dash tax text wrap.
So we can just use Ampersand dash and then whatever.
So for the item itself we want to position relative.
Ok everything is pretty much going to be positioned absolute inside of this item.
So we want to position at this relative we want the background to be the main color.
OK we'll set the overflow to hidden and then we want to add the overlay so we're gonna use Ampersand
colon after we've created overlays like this before we need to put in content some quotes and let's
position this absolute within its container or within the item and then we're going to do display
block and for the background we're just going to inherit.
So we get the main color and then the opacity I'm going to set just slightly translucent so we'll do
zero point nine.
And then let's say top from the top zero from the left zero.
And then we want to go all the way across 100 percent.
Again we're just creating the overlay here.
So one hundred percent and then we want to add our transform.
OK so transform is gonna be scale to translate X..
So we want we want it off screen first so let's do negative 75 percent and then let's do translate
y that's also going to be negative 75 percent.
We're pushing it to the left and then we want rotate rotate is going to be negative 28 degrees.
OK.
And then we'll add our transition.
So when we hover over it we're going to we're going to transition the transform property.
OK transform we'll do it over three seconds and instead of using like ease or ease and now we're gonna
use cubic BCA which allows us to kind of change the speed up and stuff like that.
Are the curves.
So we're gonna do zero zero point two one zero point three and one and you can mess around with it if
you want but let's save that and we can see the overlay over the text here.
But this is not going to be here afterwards.
After we we get down to that part.
So the overlay is not showing which is what we want because we want to bring it in when we hover.
So let's go back and let's go outside of this after but still within the item and we want to bring in
main color overlay.
All right.
So to do that we're gonna do at night at Ampersand hover.
And then we also want to grab on to after which is where our overlay is and we're gonna do transform
say scale to actually I'm just going to copy this because we're essentially doing the same thing except
we want to bring it into view.
So we want to do zero here instead of negative 75.
All right.
So let's save that and go back.
And now you can see it's coming in all right.
And if you mess with these values for the best yay.
Like if I do one goal to change the curve so you can see that it actually changes the speed because
it changes its place the curve up here because it's outsides negative 75 percent over.
So zero point two I think is a good value.
All right.
Now we also want to scale the image a little bit on hover.
Make it zoom in a little bit.
So scale image on hover.
So we're going to say Ampersand coal and hover and we want to grab on to the item dash image class so
we can do Ampersand dash image and let's say opacity I'm sorry not opacity transform and wheel scale
scale one point two on hover.
So now if we go and we hover you can see that the image is scaling up and we're getting that overlay.
Next thing is I want to bring the text in on hover although we haven't hit we haven't hidden the text
yet but we will.
So let's say Bring in text on hover.
So we're gonna do Ampersand call and hover and then Ampersand dash text and we want to set the opacity
to 1 because we're gonna set it to 0 by default.
But when we hover we want it to set to 1 and we also want to bring it in with translate y.
OK so translate Y and we wanted to just say zero which will be its resting position.
All right.
And right now it's not going to do anything because we haven't dealt with the default text basically
where it should rest by default.
So let's deal with the image first.
So we're gonna add here Ampersand dash image which is the item dash image class.
Set the height to auto set a transform.
Actually I don't think we need to transform to display block because an image is is in line by default
and then add a transition
actually know what we do need to do this.
We need to deal with the translate Z.
So we want to add a transform for translate Z
and set that to zero and then set the transition to that transform and let's say seven hundred and fifty
milliseconds and we'll add the same cubic Bessie a value that we have up here.
So just copy that.
That should be good.
All right.
Now we also want to grab on to the image before pseudo selector.
So we're gonna do Ampersand dash image before and set the content to just quotes and let's also set
this to display block and then I'm going to add a padding top of 75 percent and an overflow of hidden.
OK.
So that should take care of the actual image container and this right here.
Item image.
Now for the actual image we want to position that absolute within it.
Okay.
So let's do Ampersand dash image and then I am G and position absolute top 0 left 0.
Set the with two 100 percent height.
We should be able to just set to auto and then line height will set to zero as well.
OK so that takes care of the image.
Not really any difference yet.
Now for the text remember we want to hide that by default.
We also need to move it.
We need to we need to use transform translate to move it so let's go ahead and do the text.
We're going to position this absolute.
Let's set it to the top zero position and left zero position actually going gonna do zero on all sides.
So top left bottom right.
Zero.
Now the opacity by default.
I'm going to set to zero because we wanted to kind of fade in and then let's just make sure it's a line
center and let's add a z index of 1 so that we make sure that it's on top and we can read it.
We'll set the color to white.
And as far as the transitions go we want to transition the opacity.
Let's see actually you know what.
Let's.
Yeah.
We'll just do opacity and then the transform.
So opacity we'll do 500 milliseconds.
And that same cubic busy a value
so pace set in and then let's put a common here so we can add another one for transform which I actually
haven't added yet.
So transform 500 milliseconds.
Same cubic BCA and then let's actually put the transform above it.
OK.
So transform we're just going to take translate why and set that as negative 20 percent by default.
And then up here this is where we bring it in.
So we set the opacity from 0 to 1 and then transform translate Y from negative 20 percent to zero.
On hover.
All right.
So we also have the text wrap to deal with which goes around the title and the category.
So let's add here.
Text dash wrap.
We want the width to be 100 percent and the position to be absolute
K actually to put the absolute first position absolute with and then from the top.
Let's move it down 50 percent and then we also want to translate Y negative 50.
So translate I mean transform
translate why.
And we're gonna do negative 50 percent case.
That's the Texas rap now.
The Texas title it's just format that so we'll do Ampersand dash text dash title and I'm gonna set the
font size
font size for that to to ram for the title and then let's set the padding to 0 and it's 2 1 room and
then margin.
I'm just gonna do 5 pixel margin on the top.
OK.
And then the category 2 Dash.
Text Dash.
Category.
I want that to be uppercase I'm going to do text transform uppercase.
I also want it to be smaller so I'm gonna say font size or smaller than the title.
So one point to rim and then the oh I'm going to set an opacity of zero point seven and clear the margin
and that should do it.
So let's save and go back.
All right so something's not right.
Because S.L. The Texas coming in really fast.
It should actually come in after.
And I think that's because I forgot the delay.
Yeah.
So we want to go to that where the text is and let's add a delay.
So transition dash delay and let's do three hundred milliseconds.
See if that works yeah.
So it kind of comes in at the same time and if you want to if you want to mess with any of these values
feel free.
I know it's it's kind of advanced CSX.
So if you want to mess with things and see exactly what does what feel free to do that.
But I think that's good.
I think that looks pretty good has a nice effect.
So I think we're all set.
So in the next video we're going to start on the contact page which is pretty simple.
And then after that we'll move to making this responsive.
And then finally we'll go ahead and deploy.